[NBS 1.0] Extract service helpers and types to plugin api (#24757)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/eighty-kings-dress.md

---
'@backstage/backend-common': patch
---

> In preparation to the new backend system stable release, the `isDatabaseConnectionError` helper have been moved to the `backend-plugin-api` package and deprecated from `backend-common`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In preparation to the new backend system stable release, the `isDatabaseConflictError` helper have been moved to the `@backstage/backend-plugin-api` package and deprecated from `@backstage/backend-common`.
```
